Let There Be Love Chords by - Nat King Cole
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/nat-king-cole/let-there-be-love-chords-4085323

Fly Me To The Moon Chords by - Frank Sinatra feat. Count Basie
<a>https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/frank-sinatra/fly-me-to-the-moon-chords-335196</a>

Come Fly With Me Chords by - Frank Sinatra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/frank-sinatra/come-fly-with-me-chords-376796

Me And Mrs Jones Chords by - Billy Paul
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/billy-paul/me-and-mrs-jones-chords-888857

The Girl From Ipanema Chords by - Frank Sinatra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/frank-sinatra/the-girl-from-ipanema-chords-644102

New York New York Chords by - Frank Sinatra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/frank-sinatra/new-york-new-york-chords-84884

Dont Let Me Be Lonely Tonight Chords by - James Taylor
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/james-taylor/dont-let-me-be-lonely-tonight-chords-2511168

I Saw The Light Chords by - Todd Rundgren
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/todd-rundgren/i-saw-the-light-chords-538783

Willy Wonka And The Chocolate Factory - Pure Imagination Chords by Misc Soundtrack
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/misc-soundtrack/willy-wonka-and-the-chocolate-factory-pure-imagination-chords-1240149

Kissing A Fool Chords by - George Michael
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/george-michael/kissing-a-fool-chords-104172

Vincent Chords by Don McLean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/don-mclean/vincent-chords-75922

Sweet Little Mystery Chords by John Martyn
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/john-martyn/sweet-little-mystery-chords-339810

Sweet Baby James Chords by James Taylor
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/james-taylor/sweet-baby-james-chords-644843

Angeline Chords by John Martyn
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/john-martyn/angeline-chords-3920531

Solid Air Chords by John Martyn
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/john-martyn/solid-air-chords-1669323

Maxine Chords by Donald Fagen
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/donald-fagen/maxine-chords-1839968#:~:text=Maxine%20%2D%20Donald%20Fagen%20%5BIntro%5D,F%20Tell%20us%20to%20stop%E2%80%A6

I Saw The Light Chords by - Todd Rundgren (Transpose to G)
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/todd-rundgren/i-saw-the-light-chords-538783

Youve Got A Friend Chords by - James Taylor (Transpose to G)
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/james-taylor/youve-got-a-friend-chords-56577

Moonlight Serenade Chords by - Glenn Miller
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/glenn-miller/moonlight-serenade-chords-1015303

need your love so bad
true lve ways.

https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/steely-dan/dont-take-me-alive-chords-84135
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/john-martyn/may-you-never-chords-2073781
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/john-martyn/head-and-heart-chords-2102013
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/james-taylor/youve-got-a-friend-chords-56577
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/the-police/every-breath-you-take-chords-1087239
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/the-police/roxanne-chords-953512
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/james-taylor/carolina-in-my-mind-chords-1065978
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/tab/john-martyn/couldnt-love-you-more-chords-1712519
